Paper link: https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B4T0-Ia20_9Zc2lBMElmYWtvY1k/view

####Question 1
(a)
What is meant by the term Universal Design? Provide an example to illustrate your answer.

######Answer:
  Universal/inclusive design is a process which yeilds products that are usable by and useful to the widest range of possible people.
  Example: OXO Good Grips utensils
  - Designed specifically with inclusive design in mind
  - Designed for both left and right hand usage
  - Non slip handle for people with grip issues - resulting from stroke, neurological issues, etc
  - Rubber material for comfort
  - Spoon features a raise lip to prevent spills during use

(b)
When performing a user evaluation of an interface there are several methods you can employ in order to capture data. List three such methods, and explain why a designed might use it, and the type of data it might yield. Note about 2 or three bullet points on each method you choose will suffice.

######Answer:
  You can use multiple methods to evaluate an interface
  - Heuristic Evaluation - an inspection to identify usability problems by judging it against recognised usability principles
    Examples:
    * Shneiderman's Eight Golden Rules
    * Neilsen's Heuristics
  - Cognitive Walkthrough - evaluator(s) work through a series of tasks, and ask a set of questions from the user perspective
  - Benchmark Assessment - head-to-head comparison with similar interfaces to verify primary objectives have ben met

(c)
Imagine you are making a cup of tea. Break this process into a hierarchical task analysis to demonstrate how the process can be accomplished.

######Answer:
![Hierarchal Task Analysis] (http://www.redbrick.dcu.ie/~polka/tea.png)

(d)
Designers must decide on the most appropriate style in order to promote interaction in an interface. Four interactions styles which can help to form a conceptual model are: Instructing, Conversing, Manipulating and exploring. Explain each of these interaction styles and provide an example of each. Note: 2 or three bullet-points on each style will suffice.

######Answer:
  - Instructing
    * Users issue commands to the system.
    * Example: clicking icons, menus, etc
  - Conversing
    * Users ask the system questions.
    * Example: search engine
  - Manipulating
    * Users interact with virtual objects/environment.
    * Example: zoom
  - Exploring
    * System provides structured information
    * Example: movies/web content

(e)
When designing user interfaces for use by older adults we must take certain factors into consideration. List 4 things you might factor in when designing interfaces for this demographic and provide a one-sentence explanation for each.

######Answer:
  - Vision
    * Glare sensitivity increases, while colour perception and contrast sensitivity decrease.
  - Motor
    * Movements that demand fine motor control can cause problems, alongside decreasing sense of touch, and decreasing strength.
  - Cognition
    * More time for information processing is required, and information recall is more difficult.
  - Auditory
    * Difficulties in perceiving soft tones at high frequencies increase, and when distracting background sounds occur. 
