Paper link: https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B4T0-Ia20_9ZQ0N4NjBIXzNGM00/view

####Multiple choice
Q1 In AI search, the following heuristic
    
    Initialise with 10 random solutions.
    Repeat forever
    {
      Pick the best solution.
      Make 10 new solutions by making small or no changes to it.
    }
   
   might be a bad heuristic because:
      
      1. 10 is too small.
      2. 10 is too big.
      3. It tends to lose good solutions once found.
      4. Small changes may break the best solution.
      5. It tends to converge on local optima.
      6. It tends to converge on global optima.
      7. It is not a bad heuristic.
      8. It is not a heuristic.

######Answer:
```
    5. It tends to converge on local optima.
```
 
Q2 Human mate choice is a heuristic because:
      
      1. Humans are not machines.
      2. Humans do not run algorithms.
      3. Humans do not explicitly store all their memories.
      4. Humans do not implicitly store all their memories.
      5. Humans cannot compare different solutions in the search space.
      6. Humans cannot search the entire search space.
      7. Humans do not operate according to logic.

######Answer:
```
    6. Humans cannot search the entire search space.
```
 
Q3 Consider a heuristic for human mate choice:

    Go out with n partners of fitness > f
    Marry the next partner you find of fitness > g
    
  where fitness is ranked by the individual out of 10.
  Which of the following values for n, f, g (respectively) makes the most sense?
      
      1. 10, 0, 8
      2. 10, 5, 5
      3. 10, 5, 8
      4. 10, 8, 5
      5. 50, 0, 8
      6. 50, 5, 5
      7. 50, 5, 8
      8. 50, 8, 5

######Answer:
```
    3. 10, 5, 8
```
 
Q4 Chaotic function - not on syllabus this year.
 
Q5 Chaotic function - not on syllabus this year.
 
Q6 We have two exemplars:
    
    Temperature 22 degrees, pressure 1000 mb. Rain.
    Temperature 15 degrees, pressure 990mb. No rain.
   
   Then the question is:
    
    Temperature 17 degrees, pressure 1010 mb. Will there be rain?
   
   We predict by Hamming distance by matching to the nearest exemplar, (a) with pressure in millibars, (b) with pressure in bars. What does it predict?
      
      1. (a) Rain, (b) No rain
      2. (a) Rain, (b) Rain
      3. (a) No rain, (b) No rain
      4. (a) No rain, (b) Rain

######Answer:
```
    (a) Hamming distance in mb -  1. 5 + 10 = 15 -> Rain
                               -  2. 2 + 20 = 22
    (b) Hamming distance in b  -  1. 5 + 0.01 = 5.01
                               -  2. 2 + 0.02 = 2.02 -> No rain
    1. (a) Rain, (b) No rain
```
 
Q7 In trying to predict boxing matches by matching to the nearest exemplar, we have two exemplars:
    
    1. Opponent height - 186cm. Opponent weight - 90kg. Result - I won.
    2. Opponent height - 180cm. Opponent weight - 95kg. Result - I lost.
   
   The question is:
   
    1. Opponent height - 185cm. Opponent weight - 94kg. Will I win?
   
   We predict by Hamming distance to the nearest exemplar, (a) with height in cm, (b) with height in m. What does it predict?
      
      1. (a) I win, (b) I lose.
      2. (a) I win, (b) I win.
      3. (a) I lose, (b) I lose.
      4. (a) I lose, (b) I win.

######Answer:
```
    (a) Hamming distance in cm -  1. 4 + 1 = 5 -> I win
                               -  2. 1 + 5 = 6
    (b) Hamming distance in m  -  1. 4 + 0.01 = 4.01
                               -  2. 1 + 0.05 = 1.05 -> I lose
    1. (a) I win, (b) I lose.
```
 
Q8 In machine evolution, our chromosome is a binary string of length n. We interpret it as encoding an integer x. To convert this to encoding a real number in the interval 0 to 1, we calculate:
      
      1. x / (2 ^ n)
      2. x / (2 ^ (n - 1))
      3. x / ((2 ^ n) - 1)
      4. x / (2 ^ (n - 1) - 1)

######Answer:
```
    3. x / ((2 ^ n) - 1)
```
 
Q9 We have n individuals. Let each individual i have fitness f(i), and let its probability of reproducing, p(i) be:
![Image of formula] (http://www.redbrick.dcu.ie/~polka/boltzman.PNG)
   where T is the "temperature".
   All fitnesses are different.
   As T -> 0 the probability of picking the individual with the lowest fitness goes to:
      
      1. 1
      2. 0
      3. infinity
      4. n
      5. T
      6. 1 / n
      7. 1 / T

######Answer:
```
    2. 0
```
 
Q10 In machine evolution, we have 4 individuals, where individual i has fitness f(i):
  
      i     1     2     3     4
      f(i)  0     5     4     5
     
    If we use a "Soft max" probability distribution with a "temperature" parameter T to choose who reproduces, then as T -> 0 the probability of each individual reproducing goes to:
      
      1. 0      1       0       0
      2. 0      1/2     0       1/2
      3. 0      1       0       1
      4. 0      5/14    4/14    5/14
      5. 0      0.9     0.1     0.9
      6. 1/4    1/4     1/4     1/4

######Answer:
```
    2. 0      1/2     0       1/2
```
