Paper link: https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B4T0-Ia20_9ZWHk1WXJIdHV5LWc/view

####Multiple choice
Q1 One of these is known to be false:
    
    1. AI (the construction of intelligent machines) is impossible.
    2. AI is possible.
    3. Machines have beaten world-class humans at tennis.
    4. Machines have beaten world-class humans at chess.
    5. In the future, humans will live forever on earth in artificial bodies, regularly backing up their brains in order to cheat death.
    6. In the future, immortal humans will travel to distant stars.
    7. In the future, intelligent machines will exterminate the human race.

######Answer:
```
    3. Machines have beaten world-class humans at tennis.
```

Q2 Consider a heuristic for human mate choice:
     
     Have a relationship with n partners of fitness > f
     Marry the next partner you find of fitness > g
   
   where fitness is ranked by the individual out of 10.
   Which of the following values for n, f, g (respectively) makes the most sense?
    
    1. 10, 0, 8
    2. 10, 5, 8
    3. 10, 8, 3
    4. 100, 0, 8
    5. 100, 5, 8
    6. 100, 8, 3

######Answer:
```
    2. 10, 5, 8
```

Q3 Playing chess requires what heuristics?
    
    1. Heuristic search, and heuristic evaluation function.
    2. Heuristic seach only.
    3. Heuristic evaluation function only.
    4. No heuristics.

######Answer:
```
    1. Heuristic search, and heuristic evaluation function.
```

Q4 An upper bound on the game-tree complexity of Xs and Os is:
    
    1. 3 ^ 9
    2. 9 ^ 3
    3. 3 ^ 3
    4. 9 ^ 9
    5. 3!
    6. 9!

######Answer:
```
    6. 9!
```

Q5 An upper bound on the state-space complexity of Xs and Os is:
    
    1. 3 ^ 3
    2. 9 ^ 9
    3. 3 ^ 9
    4. 9 ^ 9
    5. 3!
    6. 9!

######Answer:
```
    3. 3 ^ 9 - 3 states (blank, X, or O to the power of number of squares (9))
```

Q6 With large state-spaces, it is hard to draw the entire state-space representation of a problem. This is solved by:
    
    1. Using a heuristic to reduce the size of the state-space.
    2. Using symmetry to reduce the size of the state-space.
    3. Doing a truncated search.
    4. Writing a program to automatically draw it.
    5. It is not solved. We do not draw the state-space representation of the problem.
    6. We draw a partial state-space representation of the problem.

######Answer:
```
    6. We draw a partial state-space representation of the problem.
```

Q7 Imagine the following in Best-first search. The heuristic evaluation function tells us a state is 4 steps away from the goal. We examine the children of this state and the heuristic evaluation function tells us all of them are 5 steps away from the goal. How can this happen?
      
      1. This cannot happen.
      2. This always happens.
      3. We are in an infinite loop.
      4. We are going the wrong way.
      5. The goal has been wrongly defined.
      6. The heuristic evaluation function is inaccurate.

######Answer:
```
    6. The heuristic evaluation function is inaccurate.
```

Q8 In machine evolution, our chromosome is a binary string of length n. We interpret it as encoding an integer x. TO convert this to encoding a real number in the interval 0 to 1, we calculate:

      1. x / (2 ^ n)
      2. x / (2 ^ (n - 1))
      3. x / (2 ^ (n) - 1)
      4. x / (2 ^ (n - 1) - 1)

######Answer:
```
    3. x / (2 ^ (n) - 1)
```

Q9 In machine evolution, we have 4 individuals, where individual i has fitness f(i):

      i     1     2     3     4
      f(i)  0     -1    -2    -1
   
   If we use a "Soft max" probability distribution with a "temperature" paramter T to choose who reproduces, then as T -> infinity the probability of each individual reproducing goes to:
   
      1.  0     0     1     0
      2.  0     1     1     1
      3.  0     1/4   1/2   1/4
      4.  0     1/2   0     1/2
      5.  0     1     0     1
      6.  1     0     0     0
      7.  1/4   1/4   1/4   1/4
      
   respectively.

######Answer:
```
    7.  1/4   1/4   1/4   1/4
```

Q10 In a machine evolution run, each individual has 1 set of instructions, encoded in binary format. We repeatedly select 2 parents to make 2 children by copying the 2 sets of instructions with the possibility of mutation and crossover. Let Pc be the probability of crossover between the 2 sets of instructions. Let Pm be the probability that any bit in the instructions mutates when it is inherited. Onlu one of the following carries out a serious search of the state space. All the others are completely constrained by whatever happens to be the initial population. i.e. Only one of the follwoing can generate all possible genotypes, given enough time:

      1. Pm = 1, Pc = 1
      2. Pm = 1, Pc = 0
      3. Pm = 0, Pc = 1
      4. Pm = 0, Pc = 0
      5. Pm = 0.1, Pc = 0

######Answer:
```
    5. Pm = 0.1, Pc = 0
```
